four Hamas members have been arrested
for planning attacks on Jewish
institutions in Europe according to
German prosecutors three of them were
detained in Berlin and another in the
Netherlands let get the very latest on
this from Dominic Kan our correspondent
in Berlin who has more on that's
developing situation what more have we
hearing about this
Dominic we're hearing more information
sorry pardon me S we're hearing more
information specifically about the
individuals you were mentioning there
who've been arrested and their
Providence so we know if you'll allow me
to read quickly from a press release
from the federal authorities here they
are described as being Lebanese born
Abdul Hamid Al in German law we're not
allowed to re reveal the surnames of
suspects when they're arrested that's
why it's like that Muhammad B nazzi who
were all arrested in Germany and a
further person ibraim El who was
arrested in the Netherlands now they are
all accused of being members of Hamas
remember in this country Hamas is
officially according to German law a
terrorist
organization the essence of the
allegation against them is that starting
in the spring of this year at the latest
one of the individuals concerned Abdul
Hamid Al a was involved in locating an
underground weapons Depot in Europe on
behalf of Hamas says the allegation from
the authorities and that he took his
instructions from leading Hamas carers
in Lebanon it says here the suggestion
is that the weapons were going to be
taken to Berlin and kept ready for
possible attacks on Jewish institutions
it says here in Europe now the
interesting thing here is an European
arrest warrant has been issued by the
authorities here for the person in the
Netherlands the suggestion being that
that person would be extradited here
certainly those who are physically in
custody right now well they will be
brought before a judge tomorrow morning
where we will obviously hear more
details officially that is about what is
alleged against them and of course
Dominic the situation is also developed
in Denmark with the rest there also
pertaining to the war on
Gaza that's right and this is where it
becomes slightly more intricate because
this morning the Danish authorities said
that they had apprehended three people
who say they said were being arrested in
connection with allegations of terrorism
their words and the news conferences
were given by relevant ministers talking
about the situation now subsequent to
that the spokesperson for the office of
the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu has said that seven people
were arrested by Danish authorities now
what is not clear is whether that is
seven people physically in Denmark or
whether what this is taking place is an
operation across several European
countries coordinated such that seven
people were arrested that is not clear
and as yet no specific agency has been
able to provide us any more
clarification about the sorts of
offenses that are alleged to have taken
place but clearly soale this is a
developing
situation Dominic C there forest in
Berlin thank
you